.TH NENE 1 "January 2026" "Nene Package Manager" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
nene \- interactive package manager and script runner

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nene
.RI [ options ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBnene\fR is an interactive package manager and script runner.
It supports online and offline package sources, installation,
removal, inspection, and opening related URLs through an interactive menu.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B u, update
Update local package repository data from the server.

.TP
.B s, select-url
Open the source page or website of each package.
This option can be combined with:
.TP
.B \-c
Copy the selected URL into the clipboard.
.TP
.B \-o
Open the selected URL in the default browser
(same behavior as \fB\-s\fR).

.TP
.B h, help
Display the help message and exit.

.TP
.B m, mode-online=\fI[0|1]\fR
Set data source mode:
.TP
.B 1
Use online packages.
.TP
.B 0
Use offline local packages.
.PP
Both modes open the interactive menu interface.

.TP
.B v, version
Show program version information.

.TP
.B i, install
Install the selected package.
This option automatically handles updates.
Can be combined with:
.TP
.B \-q
Quiet mode; suppress fzf output.
.TP
.B \-n
Dry run; simulate installation without making changes.

.TP
.B I, info-all
Display detailed information about all available packages.

.TP
.B r, remove
Uninstall the selected packages from the system.

.TP
.B a, api-termux
Enable running Nene scripts directly from shared websites or URLs.

.TP
.B n, dry-run
Perform a simulation of actions without making any changes.

.TP
.B H, homepage
Open the official homepage of Nene.

.TP
.B d, debug
Enable debug mode.
Detailed diagnostic logs are written to:
.IR ~/nene-nohup.out

.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/nene-nohup.out
Debug output log file.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error or invalid option.

.SH AUTHOR
Nene Project Contributors

.SH SEE ALSO
fzf(1), termux(1)
